LG-10735: additional guidance for a resolution proofing result missing alert (#470)
18F/identity-handbook: _articles/vendor-outage-response-process.md

    began verification. Normally, desktop computer users are able to
    use their phone to upload pictures of their ID. Desktop users will
    not be offered this choice when this flag is set to `full_outage`.

## Proofing Resolution Result Missing Alert
On rare occasion, the third party proofing checks will timeout and the
system will log an `IdV: proofing resolution result missing` event.
This is a reasonably rare event, e.g., in the month of August, 2023,
this event only fired 103 times. That said, on August 9, 2023, we had
a third party outage that resulted in several events firing in a 15 minute
window.

We now trigger an alert to slack if we see 3 or more occurrences in a
15 minute window. If this alert fires, we should be looking for problems
with our third party vendors. Some places to start include the following
dashboard:

> - [Verify Your Identity](https://us-west-2.console.aws.amazon.com/cloudwatch/home?region=us-west-2#dashboards/dashboard/prod-idv-verify-your-identity-overview)

Reviewer: 1 more dashboard: https://us-west-2.console.aws.amazon.com/cloudwatch/home?region=us-west-2#dashboards/dashboard/prod-idp-idv-vendors

Author: added in f9b1778

    began verification. Normally, desktop computer users are able to
    use their phone to upload pictures of their ID. Desktop users will
    not be offered this choice when this flag is set to `full_outage`.

## Proofing Resolution Result Missing Alert

> On rare occasion, the third party proofing checks will timeout and the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On rare occasions, the third party proofing checks will timeout and the
```

> On rare occasion, the third party proofing checks will timeout and the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
On rare occasion, the third party proofing checks will time out and the
```

Author: done in ebae2e3

> On rare occasions, the third party proofing checks will timeout and the

Author: ```suggestion
On rare occasions, the third party proofing checks will time out and the
```

system will log an `IdV: proofing resolution result missing` event.
This is a reasonably rare event, e.g., in the month of August, 2023,
this event only fired 103 times. That said, on August 9, 2023, we had
a third party outage that resulted in several events firing in a 15 minute
window.

We now trigger an alert to slack if we see 3 or more occurrences in a
15 minute window. If this alert fires, we should be looking for problems
with our third party vendors. Some places to start include the following

> dashboard:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
dashboards:
```
